Add max devices config to energy devices graph (#29255)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_dashboards/energy.markdown

The devices energy graph show the energy usage per device, it is sorted by usage.

> By default, this card will show all your devices. Optionally, the number of devices shown in this card can be limited by adding the `max_devices` option, specifying the maximum number of devices to show. The devices shown will be the devices with the highest energy usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this card will show all your devices. Optionally, the number of devices can be limited by adding the `max_devices` option and specifying the maximum number of devices to show. If there are more devices available than shown, the devices with the highest energy usage are shown.
```

### Examples

```yaml
type: energy-devices-graph
```

> The following example will limit the number of devices shown to 5:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example will limit the number of shown devices to 5:
```

> The following example will limit the number of shown devices to 5:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example limits the number of shown devices to 5:
```
